Dazai lay quietly for the rest of the night, but sleep had fled his eyes. To make matters worse, he was forced to listen to the sickening munching and tearing noises as Chuuya devoured his horse. He shuddered and pulled his blanket closer around himself, trying to block out the noise. Dazai's thoughts were in turmoil; the dragon was nothing like he'd expected, and was a far more terrifying opponent than he could have imagined. It was unlikely that he would be able to outsmart it, and there was even less hope that he could win in direct combat. Even if he somehow won, a mountain of gold and a river of silver wouldn't do him any good since he had no way home without his horse. All in all, his prospects looked bleak. It was not until the sun had risen that he finally fell into a fitful sleep.

"You're still here, huh?"

Dazai's eyes snapped open, and he jumped to his feet, nearly falling over as he untangled himself from his bedroll. The dragon was right there, just casually lying next to him and looking down with distaste. The beast looked even more powerful and majestic in the full light of day, its scales gleaming like pearl and ruby, its mane the fiery orange of an autumn sunset. Before he knew what he was doing, he was looking into Chuuya's eyes, the dragon's gaze freezing him in place. One eye was blue; the enchanting blue of deep water, while the other was a rich, vibrant brown. Dazai felt enchanted by those eyes, his resolve wavering and his mind wandering. He quickly turned his gaze downwards, realizing that he had nearly fallen under the dragons spell.

"You need to leave. I have no mercy for humans who trespass on my land." Chuuya said, his voice commanding and filled with power.

"It's not so simple," Dazai replied. "My king ordered me to slay you, so I can't go back even if I wanted to. I have to either kill you, or die trying."

"There's no way you can kill me, you pathetic excuse for a dragon slayer. The iron scales that cover me give me armor like tenfold shields! My teeth are swords! My claws are spears! The shock of my tail is a thunderbolt through the sky! My breath of fire, my signature, is death!" He roared proudly, puffing out his chest and swinging his long tail from side to side.

Dazai took an involuntary step back, clutching his sword in a white knuckled grip. It felt like a toy when faced with this creature of destruction, who's boasts, though vainglorious, were likely not far from the truth.

"That's right, give up while you can~" Chuuya taunted, looking down at the warrior with contempt. He could pick him up with one paw if he really wanted to. How could this little human possibly expect to kill him?

"I know I probably won't win, but I'm gonna fight you anyways. Heroic death and all that shit," Dazai said with a smirk. He pulled himself together and charged, aiming a sweeping blow to Chuuya's foreleg.

Chuuya roared with delight, parrying the blade with his claws and making Dazai stagger back. He always loved fighting, and this strange, spunky human was fun to banter with as well.

"I'm not that hungry after eating your horse last night, but if you're offering, I won't pass up on dessert!"

Dazai shuddered as he imagined Chuuya's teeth ripping him apart, his bones crunching in those powerful jaws. Even though he wanted to die, such a violent death suddenly seemed less appealing now that it came to it... That thought distracted him enough that he barely dodged Chuuya's jaws, which snapped shut a fingers width away from his face.

Dazai stepped back, holding his sword on guard while the dragon crouched down, its tail swaying from side to side.

"Come on, try to hit me!"

He's just playing with me, Dazai realized. He's so confident he can win, he's not even really trying!

"Don't underestimate me, you lazy wyrm!" Dazai said with forced bravado. He attacked as he spoke, feigning a right slash before jumping to the side. Chuuya tried to parry with his claws again, but he wasn't fast enough, and Dazai's sword slashed him across the paw. Chuuya hissed in pain, but the cut was shallow, most of the force spent on his thick scales.

"Nice, you managed to draw first blood! No other human has done that much," Chuuya said with a grin, his predatory fangs on full display. He pounced, intending to grab Dazai in his paws, but the troublesome warrior slipped away at the last moment. Dazai tried to stab at Chuuya's neck, but the dragon reared backwards onto his hind legs, an exhilarated grin still plastered on his reptilian face. He was having more fun than he had had in years.

"Why does your king want to kill me? I haven't caused any problems," Chuuya asked, wanting to know more about his foe before he killed him. He didn't really want to kill Dazai, but he kinda had to if he wanted to maintain his image as a ferocious dragon...

"You know humans; they like to stamp out anything that frightens them. Plus, Mori's a greedy little shit, and he wants your gold," Dazai replied, a smirk tugging at the corners of his mouth.

Chuuya laughed out loud at Dazai's description, slashing with his claws in a blow he knew Dazai could dodge. "That's how you talk about your king? Ha... you're definitely different, I'll give you that." He pounced again, but Dazai slipped out of the way and cut Chuuya across the arm. Chuuya grunted in pain, knocking Dazai to the side. I might have underestimated this warrior, Chuuya thought, leaning down to lick his bleeding foreleg.

Dazai staggered to his feet, still shaking from adrenaline as he leaned on his sword. Yes, he'd cut Chuuya twice, but the dragon was barely hurt. He, on the other hand, was dizzy and reeling from a single, indirect blow. He knew that if he was hit full on, he would die. He stood on guard with his sword raised as Chuuya fixed his amber and sapphire eyes on him again.

As they continued the fight, Chuuya felt a strange feeling stirring in his chest. Was it respect? for a human? He couldn't deny that his heart was racing in his chest as he fought, and that he actually felt a small thrill of fear as Dazai fearlessly fought against him. He repeatedly slipped under Chuuya's guard, using his agility and small size to his advantage. Finally, Chuuya managed to hit the tricky little human with his tail, which sent him flying into a nearby boulder.

Pain exploded all over Dazai's body as Chuuya's tail hit him in the stomach, and his vision went completely black. He didn't know how long he was out, but the next thing he knew, he was lying on his back, feeling like he'd been caught between a hammer and anvil. He forced his eyes open, but his vision was swimming so much he could barely make out the towering form above him. Dazai choked and coughed up blood as he tried to crawl backwards, but Chuuya pinned him to the ground with one huge paw. He reached for his sword, but his fingers closed on empty air. He looked around, seeing the outline of it lying far out of reach. This is it, this is the end...

"That was a good fight, Dazai. I've never met any warrior as fierce as you," Chuuya said, looking down at the battered and bloody warrior he had pinned beneath his paw. Chuuya gave him a moment to regain his senses, but Dazai didn't cry or plead for his life like Chuuya had half expected. No, instead he closed his eyes and smiled; going limp and ceasing all resistance.

"Good job Chuuya, you won... please, make it quick..."

"That's it? No last words or regrets, brave warrior?" Chuuya asked, his eyes fixed intently on Dazai's face. Why doesn't the idiot look afraid?

Dazai shook his head, not having anything to say for himself. He'd known he would die at Chuuya's hands, had wanted his miserable life to end, and now his time was here. He was relieved that it all would be over soon, and that he wouldn't have to carry on his miserable life any longer. At the same time, Dazai's heart twinged with an unexpected emotion. Was it... regret? Regret that this was all his life had come to? Regret that he had nothing to live for; that he had never found something better? It's too late for that now... it'll all be over soon, Dazai thought, waiting for the inevitable. He felt Chuuya's warm breath wash over him as the dragon lowered his head until his snout was only inches from Dazai's body. He braced himself, preparing for the sensation of razor sharp teeth tearing into his flesh.

Scales gently brushed against his face, and a strong, hot blast of air ruffled his hair. It kind of... tickled? Dazai opened his eyes, watching in confusion as the huge dragon sniffed him up and down, like a hound investigating a scent. He waited a moment to see if Chuuya would do anything else, but the dragon didn't seem very interested in killing him.

"Aren't you going to, you know... eat me?" Dazai asked tentatively, his eyes meeting Chuuya's.

"Nah, I don't want to," Chuuya said, sitting back and looking down at him. "You're all skin and bone, and would definitely taste terrible. I was just trying to scare you earlier," he continued, laughing at Dazai's confused expression. He waited a moment, but the warrior didn't get up or try to move, he just stared back at him with a sad, defeated expression. Chuuya noticed for the first time that his eyes were an enchanting red; beautiful and deep as a precious garnet, and just as cold.

"Well, aren't you gonna get up?" Chuuya asked after the silence stretched on a bit too long. He nudged Dazai encouragingly with his snout, hoping to elicit a response. "Dazai?"

Chuuya watched with concern as Dazai's eyes fluttered shut, and he drifted into unconsciousness. He looked really pale, and his heart didn't sound as strong as it should have.

"Damn it, humans are so fragile," he muttered, scooping Dazai up with his paws. He didn't know what to do or what was wrong; Dazai had been awake and coherent just a minute ago!

Chuuya brought Dazai up to his face, his keen senses detecting Dazai's deteriorating health.

"You're hurt! How do I make you better?" He asked, trying to suppress the worry in his voice. He didn't know why he felt this way, but for some reason, he didn't want Dazai to die. He rushed him back to his cave and laid down, wrapping his tail securely around Dazai's scrawny body. He felt cold, and his eyes looked unfocused. Chuuya wracked his brain, trying to recall everything he knew about human health, which admittedly, wasn't much. He was used to killing, not healing!

Dazai watched dumbly as Chuuya tended to him, completely limp in the dragon's grasp. He lay there in a daze, his mind too hazy to wonder why the dragon was taking care of him, or even to be afraid. His head was spinning, and the world seemed to be fading away... Then everything went black.
